added warning for persistent volume size (#1449)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/platforms/kubernetes/concepts/persistent-volumes.md

To explicitly specify the persistent storage size, use the *volumeSize*
property as described in the example above.

{{< warning >}}

> Be aware the persistent volume size cannot be changed after deployment. Trying to change this value after deployment can result in breaking the operator. Please be sure your specified *volumeSize* is correct at the time of creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be aware the persistent volume size cannot be changed after deployment. Trying to change this value after deployment can result in unexpected. Please be sure your specified *volumeSize* is correct at the time of creation.
```
Unexpected or undefined behavior rather than "break the operator".

> Be aware the persistent volume size cannot be changed after deployment. Trying to change this value after deployment can result in breaking the operator. Please be sure your specified *volumeSize* is correct at the time of creation.

Author: ```suggestion
Be aware the persistent volume size cannot be changed after deployment. Trying to change this value after deployment could result in unexpected and potentially damaging behavior. Please be sure your specified *volumeSize* is correct at the time of creation.
```
